#summary base interface for OSM map objects.
#labels Phase-Implementation

= Summary =

*IMapObject* supported by all OSM map objects - [INode Node], [IWay Way], [IRelation Relation]. It used to store common properties like _id_, _version_, _timestamp_.

= Interface =
 * Base interface is IOSManAll .
  * *id* <br> OSM object identifier *id*. In scripting enviroment it can be autoconverted from _Int64_ into _DoublePrecision_, so only 53 bit *id* fully suppoted. *id* is *0* by default.
  * *changeset* <br> Last committed _changeset_. In scripting enviroment it can be autoconverted from _Int64_ into _DoublePrecision_, so only 53 bit *changeset* fully suppoted. *changeset* is *0* by default.
  //OSM object version
  * *version* <br> OSM object version. It is 32-bit _Integer_. It is *0* by default.
    //OSM object userID
  * *userId* <br> Last editor _userId_. It is 32-bit _Integer_. It is *0* by default.
    //OSM object userName
  * *userName* <br> Last editor _userName_. It is _String_. It is empty string by default.
  * *timestamp* <br> OSM object timestamp. It is _String_. It is empty string by default. Format "yyyy-mm-ddThh:nn:ssZ" like in OSM files. By now _timestamp_ not parsed by OSMan.
  * *tags* <br> optional object tags (_highway=seconadry_ etc). This property supports [IKeyList IKeyList] interface.

= Usage =
All this properties are read-write, so you can examine and modify it as needed. <br> *Example:*
{{{
 //modify existing node
 node.version=node.version+1;
 node.userId=123;
 node.userName='Adam';
}}}